everyone is going yet and this is my
first study with new radio sound si I
was mainly focused on constitutional law
and the first thing that I always do is
a spleen set a timer and carry my phone
to do not deserve and I ucf or as um
because of just picking up my phone so I
started off with a pretty long session
like two hours because I need to have to
get some reading done which was quite
long so I knew I would need time and I
think it's the two hours really helped
me just you know give myself enough time
to focus on all five so I got all my
things ready to start studying and then
I just went over to regain and took
notes from them as I went along
[Music]
once appear I wasn't working I decided
to give myself a little break because
working for two hours is quite intense
so I just made myself some food and gave
myself 40 minutes and then I also made
myself some cheese and read a little bit
in this book that I'm currently reading
which is she must be mad and I
absolutely love this book it's mainly
poetry and I think it's really really
great I would highly recommend it to
anybody who's in their final years of
high school or just started college and
I really love this book and I'm gonna
link it down below for you guys and then
I set myself a new timer and went back
to work I said quite a few waiting to do
an ICS we would take some notes on the
textbook and just go over some of the
ever reading and just going to try notes
on them
[Music]
[Applause]
and I finished SS when I gave myself a
short five-minute break and then I went
back to another 45 minutes i'ma just to
do something going over my notes so
those are all the notes that I took on
my computer and I just go over them with
a highlighter and it tends just to make
sure that you know when I look at them
later I have highlighted the most
important stuff of it and I just know
exactly what it's all about these things
[Music]
[Applause]
and then I gave myself and I'm a short
break and went back to another 45-minute
session 45 minutes is the perfect time
for me to focus so I just like to use
that time span and then I give myself a
break and this time I just took a few
notes on a different piece of paper just
to remind myself of important cases so
that I can quickly have a look about
before their needs based on
[Music]
and yeah that was make sure it's Betty
with me I hope you guys enjoyed that if
you guys would like to have a real time
study with me let me know what I'll be
happy to do that
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
thank you so much for watching have a
nice day bye
[Music]